[Music]
we needed a miracle and then we got one
this beautiful and special little
creature will be our revolution in the
livestock industry our super pigs will
not only be big and beautiful
they will also leave a minimal footprint
on the environment consume less fees and
produce less excretion and most
importantly they need to taste
good
[Music]
Haeju
we are animal lovers our plan is to
expose Miranda rescued oak to bring her
back to you the ten years in planning
ARMA comes with a product that will feed
millions so what happens that farmer
growth is going to destroy us you should
know the situation as now he before you
[Music]
that's a shame you have to tell all
those little white lie
right in the gentleman what God
or the water
[Music]
thank you
Oh
[Music]